the complainers are the ones that caused the problems. If you hear a person
that says I hate the Navy, I don't like this place. I hate this
ship. I hate my life. I hate blah, blah, blah. Um, whenever you hear
the word hate, you know, you have to, like, pay a little bit more
attention because, um, yeah, everyone has their own opinion, and that's
fine. And maybe that that person wants to actually, like, just
do it for six years and then take off. You know, more power to him.
As long as he's doing his job, that's fine. But what is the problem
is that he's spreading that discontent within the unit. Right? Um, maybe
there's there could be somebody who wants to make it a career,
and this person is actually like putting his negativity on that person.
And, you know, I changed his career trajectory. Or maybe, um, like
it's reducing the morale of the unit. So all the complainers you
have to like, stop that as soon as possible.